this was May there are also pleasing so I am pleased that is the
Thought of social justice
there was nothing funny
What makes me happy is that the idea of ​​social justice is always
greater popularity in this country even in the SPD so
after the great ideas of humanity
the basic security is always prevail against Altena resistances percent
So when introducing the
Euro bottle
I do not mean the Verheugen Rheine
Dr
KS defender of the credit ear
in the formation of inflation and also tax evasion
Good ideas are just through
the poverty
a good keyword which has long interested me as Abbott announced
actually the child poverty in this
b if I have our staff in Berlin at their responsible the chest and
Listening to Dirk Lottner, Mama gave you the impression that child poverty was a plague
the percentage has come over Germany is like GC so Labbadia
Kreisliga a
So who is a blessing?
Ari Head Research of the perpetrators if they ask who organizes the so
Poverty of children in this country the crisis has come to child poverty
where our social leaders for decades nothing Andrews 8 million than
Family association and again Kind of Brabant so that the child poverty on none
Fall to prevent child labor because there is promoted or is
Child poverty maybe
an integral part of the system
the Federal Constitutional Court held years ago that families
with children in this country extremely because after the perpetrators already at the second
Child threatens the risk of poverty so
Of course, we also know why this is because that parents so
know how with children
the DFA to the childless
extremely the detrimental welfare state in this band
even the childless
the numbers the narros as much social tasks as the parents
but of course I have the families with children less money to live
as the children out
if then
For example, the VAT increases, the rising
Cost of living like the Kreke family
therefore comes the child poverty
Although the stone is effective if the one from the continues to suffer from the competitors
frets
Everyone knows that basically everything is put out of one hand
but
it can be hard to change
as the food
and that is needed very urgently elsewhere
There are other needy people in this country, such as the banks
there from
the hall this the Hornby the industry credit bank the the Mr. Steinbrück
March with
the estimates are different
as Matt 2 billion I read as Cook 5 up to 2 2 times 2 billion
save must be visible
as a sticking point
Antje the state-owned Kreditanstalt zur Wiederaufbau already with 40 percent
must be involved
direct Werder is already tax money Trend and so comedian 5
billion
but also the Landesbanken also left money for the top 5 billion
Labbadia says the bavaria-lb Euro
All three have been the money
understands so that can continue to exist yes
it goes into the double-digit billion Hambrecht the
Monitor business
It should be easier optimally supplied it is about the 20 billion pieces one
should consider how much is actually one billion of the center
are millions of euros
as they are very tight banking crisis when 20
Billions cost that is 20% billion euros for comparison
The market should be on Alpe Adria or Dada Life Forever
Heidfeld Relaño one of the places in the land of ideas far because there is very behavior
when editing comparison
guide her normal thinking along the way
in the adjustment of the child benefit
It's about one who made it
and that is very difficult to find
and of course the children eliminate poverty
Steinbrück
Of course, but now he has now in the concerns whether he even the
long overdue adjustment of child benefit
to the increased cost of living
but the grumpy Rome
even now
mostly too
So her husband would have to work with this staff in Berlin
watch
pa do not know
cool
that she
according to system procedure
and that's what we should do too
because of the proposal
But go to the bank every morning
and against their savings 8
in the answer
There are many who believe the train when they are at home but still
by Philipp Hadorn
Emperor
no ruckus to your bank and that's why he's always there where you still are
see if engines have
so that is unemployed
have lots of fun with it